Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md to include a section for Documentation (#2785)
spiceai/spiceai: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- list any linked issues this pull request will close, or exclude if none -->

> ## 📄 Documentation Requests
> 
> <!-- list any issues created requesting documentation, quickstarts/samples or video content related to this PR -->
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 📄 Documentation Requirements

<!-- list any documentation related iusses, quickstarts/samples or video content related to this PR -->

```

Reviewer: We should call this requirement not requests, as not to confuse anyone that they shouldn't be responsible for docs.

Author: I phrased this as requests so that it wasn't inherently the user working on the feature/change that had to do the documentation, but fair enough
